c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\GameName1.exe
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\GameName1.pdb
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\obj\x86\Debug\GameName1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\obj\x86\Debug\GameName1.exe
c:\users\roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\obj\x86\Debug\GameName1.pdb
C:\Users\Roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Content\ship.xnb
C:\Users\Roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\IgnoreMe.dll
C:\Users\Roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Content\background.xnb
C:\Users\Roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Content\earth.xnb
C:\Users\Roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Content\shuttle.xnb
C:\Users\Roger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\GameName1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Content\stars.xnb
C:\Users\Roger\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\DemoGame1\GameName1\obj\x86\Debug\GameName1.exe
C:\Users\Roger\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GameName1\DemoGame1\GameName1\obj\x86\Debug\GameName1.pdb
